doc: known_issue: Matter add known issue to KRKNWK-18673 bug (#15064)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

The issues in this section are related to the :ref:`ug_matter` protocol.

.. rst-class:: v2-6-1 v2-6-0

> KRKNWK-18673: Bridged light bulb device report failure at reading and/or writing some of the onoff cluster's attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KRKNWK-18673: Bridged Light Bulb device sometimes reports a failure when reading or writing cluster attributes
  This can happen when reading or writing some of the attributes of the OnOff cluster.
```
Or something like this. The issue definition requires at least one line of description in the body text so it builds correctly.

>   **Workaround:** Manually cherry-pick and apply the commit with the fix to the ``sdk-nrf`` (commit hash: ``79f3a901dd0787df9327640cb3bb889ccb023005``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Manually cherry-pick and apply the commit with the fix to ``sdk-nrf`` (commit hash: ``79f3a901dd0787df9327640cb3bb889ccb023005``).
```
